Reorganize HIP runtime API how-to (#3622)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/how-to/hip_runtime_api/memory_management.rst

.. meta::
  :description: This chapter introduces memory management and shows how to use
                it in AMD HIP.
  :keywords: AMD, ROCm, HIP, CUDA, memory management

********************************************************************************
Memory management
********************************************************************************

Memory management is an important part of the HIP runtime API, when creating
high-performance applications. Both allocating and copying memory can result in
bottlenecks, which can significantly impact performance.

The programming model is based on a system with a host and a device, each having
its own distinct memory. Kernels execute mainly on device memory, the runtime
offers functions for allocating, deallocating, and copying device memory, along
with transferring data between host and device memory.

> The memory management described at the following sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to manage the different memory types is described in the following chapters:
```

.. meta::
  :description: This chapter introduces memory management and shows how to use

>                 it in AMD HIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                it.
```
At most, just use "HIP" instead of "AMD HIP".

  :keywords: AMD, ROCm, HIP, CUDA, memory management

********************************************************************************
Memory management
********************************************************************************

Memory management is an important part of the HIP runtime API, when creating
high-performance applications. Both allocating and copying memory can result in
bottlenecks, which can significantly impact performance.

The programming model is based on a system with a host and a device, each having

> its own distinct memory. Kernels execute mainly on device memory, the runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its own distinct memory. Kernels operate on device memory, while host functions operate on host memory.
The runtime
```

> offers functions for allocating, deallocating, and copying device memory, along

Reviewer: ```suggestion
offers functions for allocating, freeing, and copying device memory, along
```

.. meta::
  :description: Memory management and its usage
  :keywords: AMD, ROCm, HIP, CUDA, memory management

********************************************************************************
Memory management
********************************************************************************

Memory management is an important part of the HIP runtime API, when creating
high-performance applications. Both allocating and copying memory can result in
bottlenecks, which can significantly impact performance.

The programming model is based on a system with a host and a device, each having
its own distinct memory. Kernels operate on device memory, while host functions
operate on host memory.

* :ref:`device_memory`

> * :ref:`host_memory`

Reviewer 2: Remove.

Author: Removed.

The runtime offers functions for allocating, freeing, and copying device memory,
along with transferring data between host and device memory.

> Here are the various memory managements techniques:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are the various memory management techniques:
```

.. meta::
  :description: This chapter introduces memory management and shows how to use

>                 it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :description: Memory management and its usage
```

  :keywords: AMD, ROCm, HIP, CUDA, memory management

********************************************************************************
Memory management
********************************************************************************

Memory management is an important part of the HIP runtime API, when creating
high-performance applications. Both allocating and copying memory can result in
bottlenecks, which can significantly impact performance.

The programming model is based on a system with a host and a device, each having
its own distinct memory. Kernels operate on device memory, while host functions

> operate on host memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The programming model is based on a system with a host and a device, each having
its own distinct memory. Kernels operate on :ref:`device memory <device_memory>`, while host functions
operate on `host memory <host_memory>`.
```

The runtime offers functions for allocating, freeing, and copying device memory,
along with transferring data between host and device memory.

The description of these memory type can be located at the following page:

* :ref:`device_memory`

> * :ref:`host_memory`

Reviewer 2: Remove.

Author: Removed.

> The different memory managements are described in the following pages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are the various memory managements techniques:
```

* :ref:`coherence_control`
* :ref:`unified_memory`
* :ref:`virtual_memory`
* :ref:`stream_ordered_memory_allocator_how-to`

Memory allocation
================================================================================

> The following API calls with result in these allocations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API calls and the resulting allocations are listed here:
```
